The Animal Crossing Clock web application is a program designed to pull the user's geolocation using their IP address, then display the bugs and fish available for collection at the given moment. The ACNH Clock application is writted in Python, with Flask and Jinja2 for framework, hosted on the Google Cloud App Engine (https://acnh-clock.wm.r.appspot.com/). This task is completed using the TimeZone API (https://timezoneapi.io) and AC: New Horizons API (https://acnhapi.com). This project was originally created for my HCDE 310 final, and is only to be used for non-commercial and educational purposes. All rights and assets belong to Nintendo.

! IMPORTANT !
In order to run this code on your own, an access token is required by the TimeZone API. Fortunately, it's a free sign-up for anyone interested. Currently my api key is saved in a private file as 'apikey.py', so that is the filename the program will search for.

This repository currently has 3 Python files: main, critters, and diydisplay. main.py consists of various methods to initialize and display the webpage. It utilizes two other homemade files - critters.py and diydisplay.py. These files contain the Fish, Bug, and Image classes which is how I store the relevant critter information. Furthermore, the Image class relies on the Pillow module to gather data on the images and perform resizing for later use. Alongside the Python files, there are two different HTML templates created using Jinja2 templating. "template.html" is used for the main page, and "critter_view.html" is used for displaying individual critter information. 

